[Music]
[Applause]
the Bible say yay though she walked in
the valley with the Shadle of Little Red
Riding Hood in the three bears she
feared no evil cuz the Three Little Pigs
was not around any hallelujah I'm okay
well you look bad we here cuz your
daddy's dead I'll be coordinating the
funeral I hope y'all can appreciate what
I'm gonna try to do and if you need
anything just let us know I've noticed
about funerals I don't bear it a lot of
men a lot of them a funeral villian be
messed up
oh my god I'm a real thug I'm an old G
in a DEA we're sorry
apparently he was taking some sort of
stimulant we're having some fun keeping
it down I will know if he's organ donor
[Music]